# Community-repair-caf-Bor-team
COMMUNITY REPAIR CAFE CONCEPT NOTE ASKnet Track II 2020 Participants Ataka Hub South Sudan Introduction Ataka Hub South Sudan will organize a repair café in bor Marol market to support the community by giving life to abandon devices through the support of r0g agency and we believe this is going to save a lot of devices because it’s the first of its kind in bor.  Objectives Build up a community that will sustain itself by training them to repair their own devices. To reduce waste, by giving life to broken devices and recycling.  To support to low class citizens.  Take a step by step videos for online sharing with those who cant make it to the repair café. Awareness on importance of DIY.  Target This programme targes the community both nationals and foreigners in bor   These includes: Women Men Personal with Special Needs. People living with disabilities. Youths etc  Outcome We shall make sure everyone who comes to the repair café goes home with basic knowledge to repair their electronics in case it gets spoiled or broken again because we shall be taking through the step by step of repairing.  PROPOSED PLACES FOR THE COMMUNITY REPAIR CAFE EVENT Marol market Bor     EXPECTED DEVICES AT THE COMMUNITY REPAIR CAFE EVENT The event is meant for electronic devices like Cell phones Computers Torch/Lamp Radio speakers headphones/headset solar panels TV  Bicycles and etc  DURATION OF THE REPAIR CAFE EVENT 4 hours.    LIST OF SPECIALISTS TO CONDUCT THE REPAIR CAFÉ BOR TEAM S/N Name Title Sex Residential area  01   Ayom Ruei Ayom Team leader M Pakwau  02 Yar Manyang Mawel registral F Block one  03 Bior Ajang Garang supervisor M Block 2  04 Micheal Ghai Tong logistic M Block 2  05 Atem Deng Expert M Langbaar  06 Chol Magot Expert M Tibek  07 Awan Lual Expert M Hai salaam
